Examples/eplain wg filter (#2421)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/API/SetupTemplatesQ3D.rst

Q3D templates and arguments
===========================

This section lists all setup templates with their default values and keys available in Q3D and 2D Extractor.

> Note that in order to use nested parameter you can set a parameter using "__" separator. See the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that to use nested parameters, you can set a parameter using the "__" separator as shown in the following example.
```
